README.md, before:

IDEAS FOR PORTFOLIO

-NAV BAR, ABOUT, WORK(PROJECTS I GUESS), RESUME, MAYBE A SKILLS SECTION?, MAYBE A CONTACT ME SECTION?, HAVE A LINKED IN AND GITHUB BUTTON
-THE LAYOUT WILL A ONE PAGER AND THE NAVBAR WILL LET YOU AUTO SCROLL TO THE SECTION YOU CLICK
-ADD IN A FEATURE FOR EACH SECTION TO SCROLL BACK TO THE TOP 
-have cool transitions lol
-EACH SECTION WILL ALTERNATIVE BETWEEN THE PRIMARY COLOR AND WHITE AS THE BACKGROUND

COLOR SCHEME
    -primary color: #02203c; will also use this color for white backgrounds
    second primary color( alternating background colors):#f6f9fc
    -secondary color: #6868d1
    -third-ary color:#15314b;

-NAVBAR
    -About me, projects, skills, resume, contact me, linkedin(direct to my linkedin when pressed), github(direct to my github when clicked), resume(download my resume when clicked...is this going to involve some back end to store the resume and update it over time?)
    -will have the same color as the hello section of the page and the components will be in white. Have a white underline appear as we hover the different sections
    -figure out how to scroll to the appropriate section when you click on the component
    -turn it into a hamgburger menu for mobile
    -maybe use my name as a reload button for the site?
    -material ui has linkedin and github icon

-WELCOME SECTION
    -Hi, my name's Victor Nguyen, a front-end developer and the latest addition to your team! Welcome to my portfolio and let me know if you see anything you like 👍
    -gonna be split in two, the left side will have a description above and a button label as  "RESUME" using the secondary color and the right side will probably just contain an image of super crazy code on a code editor(maybe screen shot some of my actual code and use that as an image LOL)

-ABOUT SECTION
    -DESCRIPTION(NEED TO PROVE READ, MAYBE EVEN TRIM?)
        -Even though I am a front end developer who inspires to be the best of the very best, it wasn't always that way. I actually started off in the accounting and finance field when I first entered the real world. There I went about the day to day tasks of bringing value to others by making sure that not only were their statements correct, but being able to efficiently and effectively create reports along with visual representations of their data so that we can strategically plan and execute for the future. Funny enough, what started as learning VBA for Microsoft Excel to further increase the value I can provide turned into an indirect discovery for my love of coding. 

        -Now I want to give value to others with not only my logical knowledge and mindset from the accounting and financial field, but to also provide value by giving others one of the best tools someone can have in the modern day. I want to provide others with amazing websites that fits their needs and criteria. In doing so, the value that person can now provide will have a greater reacher and in term give an even better experience as well.

    -split into two sections, the left side containing a card(use material-ui the same one as from the corona virus tracker) with my picture. Under it says Front-End Developer and we're gonna use the secondary color as an accent for the top of the card. On the right will have the description above
    -if i can't figure out sizing issue maybe instead have a radar chart showing my different skillsets(but just for the cool shape don't actually measure my skill level)

-SKILL SECTION (just make this as part of the about me section)
    -have cards that state the languages and frameworks that i know
    -alternate between secondary and third-ary color for the cards
    
-PROJECT SECTION

-CONTACT ME SECTION

-ITTY BITTY FOOTER AT THE BOTTOM 
    -give credit to inspiration 
    https://dribbble.com/shots/5245539-Homepage-for-a-great-developer
    https://www.algoexpert.io/product   
    -uuh other stuff im not too sure what yet

Commit message:

fixed issue with hovering text over project image

README.md, after:

IDEAS FOR PORTFOLIO

-NAV BAR, ABOUT, WORK(PROJECTS I GUESS), RESUME, MAYBE A SKILLS SECTION?, MAYBE A CONTACT ME SECTION?, HAVE A LINKED IN AND GITHUB BUTTON
-THE LAYOUT WILL A ONE PAGER AND THE NAVBAR WILL LET YOU AUTO SCROLL TO THE SECTION YOU CLICK
    -the auto scroll will be a circle button with an up arrow. the arrow will be white and the fill color will be the secondary color(the purple)
-ADD IN A FEATURE FOR EACH SECTION TO SCROLL BACK TO THE TOP 
-have cool transitions lol
-EACH SECTION WILL ALTERNATIVE BETWEEN THE PRIMARY COLOR AND WHITE AS THE BACKGROUND
-maybe add a dark and light them button?
-save hovering for each title after layout complete

COLOR SCHEME
    -primary color: #02203c; will also use this color for white backgrounds
    second primary color( alternating background colors):#f6f9fc
    -secondary color: #6868d1
    -third-ary color:#15314b;

-NAVBAR
    -About me, projects, skills, resume, contact me, linkedin(direct to my linkedin when pressed), github(direct to my github when clicked), resume(download my resume when clicked...is this going to involve some back end to store the resume and update it over time?)
    -will have the same color as the hello section of the page and the components will be in white. Have a white underline appear as we hover the different sections
    -figure out how to scroll to the appropriate section when you click on the component
    -turn it into a hamgburger menu for mobile
    -maybe use my name as a reload button for the site?
    -material ui has linkedin and github icon

-WELCOME SECTION
    -Hi, my name's Victor Nguyen, a front-end developer and the latest addition to your team! Welcome to my portfolio and let me know if you see anything you like 👍
    -gonna be split in two, the left side will have a description above and a button label as  "RESUME" using the secondary color and the right side will probably just contain an image of super crazy code on a code editor(maybe screen shot some of my actual code and use that as an image LOL)

-ABOUT SECTION
    -DESCRIPTION(NEED TO PROVE READ, MAYBE EVEN TRIM?)
        -Even though I am a front end developer who inspires to be the best of the very best, it wasn't always that way. I actually started off in the accounting and finance field when I first entered the real world. There I went about the day to day tasks of bringing value to others by making sure that not only were their statements correct, but being able to efficiently and effectively create reports along with visual representations of their data so that we can strategically plan and execute for the future. Funny enough, what started as learning VBA for Microsoft Excel to further increase the value I can provide turned into an indirect discovery for my love of coding. 

        -Now I want to give value to others with not only my logical knowledge and mindset from the accounting and financial field, but to also provide value by giving others one of the best tools someone can have in the modern day. I want to provide others with amazing websites that fits their needs and criteria. In doing so, the value that person can now provide will have a greater reacher and in term give an even better experience as well.

    -split into two sections, the left side containing a card(use material-ui the same one as from the corona virus tracker) with my picture. Under it says Front-End Developer and we're gonna use the secondary color as an accent for the top of the card. On the right will have the description above
    -if i can't figure out sizing issue maybe instead have a radar chart showing my different skillsets(but just for the cool shape don't actually measure my skill level)

-SKILL SECTION (just make this as part of the about me section)
    -have cards that state the languages and frameworks that i know
    -alternate between secondary and third-ary color for the cards
    -maybe have a radar graph dispplaying the symbols of each language and framework(if i can find the emoji to type) and if click on it it will show a bubble describing what it is 
    -
    
-PROJECT SECTION
    - have a photo snippet of each project and then a button for the source code and a button for a live demo
    -Below are some of the projects that I have worked on and created. You can hover over them for a description of wha t the project and if you're interested you can check out the source code or even see a live project itself out. 👇
    -probably use grid to help with the layout
    -when hovered
        - a 0.5 transparent black background to mimic a fade out effect. In white text have the title of the project,  a description of the project and what was used to create it

-CONTACT ME SECTION

-ITTY BITTY FOOTER AT THE BOTTOM 
    -give credit to inspiration 
    https://dribbble.com/shots/5245539-Homepage-for-a-great-developer
    https://www.algoexpert.io/product   
    -uuh other stuff im not too sure what yet
